---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "superset_dataset_folder Resource - superset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a superset Dataset folder
---

# superset_dataset_folder (Resource)

Manage a superset Dataset folder



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dataset_name` (String) The dataset name of the datasetfolder.
- `folders` (Attributes List) The folder of the dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `dataset_id` (Number) The database ID of the datasetfolder.

<a id="nestedatt--folders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders`

Required:

- `children` (Attributes List) The children of the folder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--children))
- `name` (String) The folder Name.
- `type` (String) The folder type.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the column.

Read-Only:

- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the folder.

<a id="nestedatt--folders--children"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.children`

Required:

- `name` (String) The child Name.
- `type` (String) The child type.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the child.

Read-Only:

- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the folder.



<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
