---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "superset_dataset_columns Resource - superset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a superset Dataset Columns
---

# superset_dataset_columns (Resource)

Manage a superset Dataset Columns

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "superset_dataset_columns" "example" {
  dataset_name = superset_dataset.example.table_name

  columns = {
    COL1 = {
      column_name  = "COL1"
      filterable   = true
      groupby      = true
      is_dttm      = false
      verbose_name = "COL1"
      is_active    = true
    },
    COL2 = {
      column_name  = "COL2"
      filterable   = true
      groupby      = true
      is_dttm      = true
      verbose_name = "COL2"
      is_active    = true
    },
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `columns` (Attributes Map) The columns of the dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--columns))
- `dataset_name` (String) The dataset name of the datasetColumns.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `dataset_id` (Number) The database ID of the datasetColumns.

<a id="nestedatt--columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `columns`

Required:

- `column_name` (String) The name of the column.
- `filterable` (Boolean) Whether the column is filterable.
- `groupby` (Boolean) Whether the column is groupable.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether the column is active.
- `is_dttm` (Boolean) Whether the column is a datetime column.

Optional:

- `advanced_data_type` (String) The advanced data type of the column.
- `certification_details` (String) The details of the column certification.
- `certified_by` (String) The user who certified the column.
- `description` (String) The description of the column.
- `expression` (String) The expression of the column.
- `verbose_name` (String) The verbose name of the column.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The column ID.
- `type` (String) The data type of the column.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import superset_dataset_columns.example 1
```
