---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "superset_dataset_metrics Resource - superset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a superset Dataset metrics
---

# superset_dataset_metrics (Resource)

Manage a superset Dataset metrics

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "superset_dataset_metrics" "example" {
  dataset_name = superset_dataset.example.table_name

  metrics = {
    METRIC1 = {
      metric_name  = "METRIC1"
      expression   = "SUM(COL1)"
      verbose_name = "METRIC1"
    },
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dataset_name` (String) The dataset name of the datasetmetrics.
- `metrics` (Attributes Map) The metrics of the dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metrics))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `dataset_id` (Number) The database ID of the datasetmetrics.

<a id="nestedatt--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics`

Required:

- `expression` (String) The expression of the metric.
- `metric_name` (String) The name of the metric.

Optional:

- `certification_details` (String) The details of the metric certification.
- `certified_by` (String) The name of the person or organization that certified the metric.
- `currency` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metrics--currency))
- `d3format` (String) The D3 format of the metric.
- `description` (String) The description of the metric.
- `verbose_name` (String) The verbose name of the metric.
- `warning_text` (String) The warning text of the metric.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The metric ID.

<a id="nestedatt--metrics--currency"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics.currency`

Required:

- `symbol` (String)
- `symbol_position` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import superset_dataset_metrics 112
```
