---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "superset_dataset Resource - superset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a superset Dataset
---

# superset_dataset (Resource)

Manage a superset Dataset

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "superset_dataset" "example" {
  table_name            = "table_name"
  schema                = "sample_schema"
  is_managed_externally = true
  database_name         = "PostgreSQL_DB"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The database name of the Dataset.
- `table_name` (String) The name of the Dataset.

### Optional

- `always_filter_main_dttm` (Boolean) The always filter main dttm of the Dataset.
- `bootstrap_database_name` (String) The database name of the Dataset used for bootstrapping.
Some Superset databases configured with OAuth authentication cannot be directly referenced during dataset creation via the Terraform provider, resulting in creation failures.

To mitigate this limitation, a temporary non-OAuth database is specified at creation time. Once the dataset resource is successfully created, it is immediately updated to reference the intended OAuth-authenticated database.

This database is not intended for operational use and exists solely to satisfy creation-time constraints.
- `cache_timeout` (Number) The cache timeout of the Dataset.
- `catalog` (String) The catalog of the Dataset.
- `certification_details` (String) The details of the Dataset certification.
- `certified_by` (String) The user who certified the Dataset.
- `description` (String) The description of the Dataset.
- `fetch_values_predicate` (String) The fetch values predicate of the Dataset.
- `filter_select_enabled` (Boolean) The filter select enabled of the Dataset.
- `is_managed_externally` (Boolean) Whether the Dataset is managed externally.
- `normalize_columns` (Boolean) The normalize columns of the Dataset.
- `owner_ids` (Set of Number) The owner IDs of the Dataset.
- `schema` (String) The schema of the Dataset.
- `sql` (String) The SQL of the Dataset.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `bootstrap_database_id` (Number) The database ID of the Dataset used for bootstrapping.
- `database_id` (Number) The database ID of the Dataset.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Dataset.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import superset_dataset.example group_name
```
