---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "superset_group Resource - superset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a superset group
---

# superset_group (Resource)

Manage a superset group

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "superset_group_role" "example" {
  name = "Group1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the group.

### Optional

- `label` (String) The label of the group.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of the group.
- `roles` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles))
- `users` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the role.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the user.
- `username` (String) The name of the user.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import superset_group.example group_name
```
