---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "superset_user Resource - superset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a superset user
---

# superset_user (Resource)

Manage a superset user

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "superset_user" "example" {
  username   = "example_user"
  first_name = "FirstName"
  last_name  = "LastName"
  email      = "example@example.com"
  password   = "password"
  role_names = [
    "Gamma",
    "Alpha"
  ]
  group_names = [
    "Group1"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The email of the user.
- `first_name` (String) The first name of the user.
- `last_name` (String) The last name of the user.
- `role_names` (Set of String) Role names to assign to the user.
- `username` (String) The username of the user.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the user is active.
- `group_names` (Set of String) Group names to assign to the user.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the user.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of the user.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import superset_user.example 111
```
